I didn't expect you kid
Not even so powerful
Kill my parents
Today you pay back a hundredfold
I advise you to give up the money immediately
Seeing how Lian Zhiwei died
Want revenge on me
Next life
I know how you feel about your wife
One side, one side.
You must be in love, right?
Wake up.
Why are you back?
You'll have to ask him that.
you
How dare you betray me?
Betraying me has always been a member of the Shen family
Shen Chenzu is my master
Surrender to you
Just waiting for today
Avenge my brothers
I see.
I told you.
Please always put people in the advertising meeting.
You kid has mastered the shake
If the light turns off, you are fake.
Really calculating
It's just that you are willing to sacrifice your wife's life
As the price for killing me?